Crreated Bug and feature request template (#33)
OpenSource-Journey/Your-Github-Contributions: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Pull Request Checklist

Before submitting a pull request, please make sure that your changes meet the following criteria:

> - [ ] Your code is well-formatted and follows our coding conventions.
> - [ ] Your changes have been tested thoroughly and do not introduce any new bugs.
> - [ ] You have updated the documentation to reflect your changes.
> - [ ] You are Agreeing to the code of conduct

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ]  Ensure that your code adheres to our coding conventions and is properly formatted.
- [ ] Test your changes extensively to ensure that they do not introduce any new bugs.
- [ ] Confirm that you agree to the code of conduct.
```

Author: done
